PYTHON ASSIGNMENT - 5

1. What does an empty dictionarys code look like?

ans. An empty dictionary's code is {}.

2. What is the value of a dictionary value with the key 'foo' and the value 42?

ans. The value of a dictionary value with the key 'foo' and the value 42 would be 42

3. What is the most significant distinction between a dictionary and a list?

ans. The most significant distinction between a dictionary and a list is that a dictionary stores data in key-value pairs, 
     while a list stores data in a sequence of ordered elements.

4. What happens if you try to access spam['foo'] if spam is {'bar': 100}?

ans. If you try to access spam['foo'] and spam is {'bar': 100}, you will get a KeyError because the key 'foo' doesn't exist in the dictionary.

5. If a dictionary is stored in spam, what is the difference between the expressions 'cat' in spam and 'cat' in spam.keys()?

ans. If a dictionary is stored in spam, the expression 'cat' in spam checks if the key 'cat' is present in the dictionary. 
     The expression 'cat' in spam.keys() also checks for the presence of the key 'cat' in the dictionary. Both expressions are equivalent.

6. If a dictionary is stored in spam, what is the difference between the expressions 'cat' in spam and 'cat' in spam.values()?

ans. If a dictionary is stored in spam, the expression 'cat' in spam checks if the value 'cat' is present in any of the dictionary's values. 
     The expression 'cat' in spam.values() checks for the presence of the value 'cat' in the dictionary's values.

7. What is a shortcut for the following code?
   if 'color' not in spam:
   spam['color'] = 'black'

ans. spam.setdefault('color', 'black')


8. How do you "pretty print" dictionary values using which module and function?

ans.  To "pretty print" dictionary values, you can use the pprint module's pprint() function. 
      First, you need to import the module with import pprint, and then you can use pprint.pprint(your_dictionary)
	  to print the dictionary in a more readable format.