PYTHON ASSIGNMENT - 14

1. What does RGBA stand for?

ans. RGBA stands for Red, Green, Blue, and Alpha. It's a color model that represents colors using combinations of red, green, 
     and blue channels, along with an alpha channel for transparency.

2. From the Pillow module, how do you get the RGBA value of any images?

ans. You can use the getpixel() method to get the RGBA value of a specific pixel in an image. For example:
     
	 from PIL import Image

     image = Image.open('image.png')
     rgba_value = image.getpixel((x, y))  # Replace x and y with the coordinates of the pixel


3. What is a box tuple, and how does it work?

ans. A box tuple is a tuple containing four integer values representing the coordinates of a rectangular region. 
     The four values are (left, upper, right, lower) where (left, upper) is the top-left corner of the box, and (right, lower) 
	 is the bottom-right corner of the box.
	 
4. Use your image and load in notebook then, How can you find out the width and height of an Image object?

ans. You can use the size attribute of the Image object to get its width and height. For example:

     width, height = image.size


5. What method would you call to get Image object for a 100×100 image, excluding the lower-left quarter of it?

ans. You can use the crop() method to extract a region of interest from an image. To exclude the lower-left quarter, you would crop
     it using the appropriate box tuple. For example:
	 
	 cropped_image = image.crop((0, 0, width // 2, height // 2))


6. After making changes to an Image object, how could you save it as an image file?

ans. You can use the save() method of the Image object to save it as an image file. For example:

     modified_image.save('modified_image.png')


7. What module contains Pillow’s shape-drawing code?

ans. Pillow's shape-drawing code is contained within the ImageDraw module.

8. Image objects do not have drawing methods. What kind of object does? How do you get this kind of object?

ans. The ImageDraw object from the ImageDraw module has drawing methods. You can create an ImageDraw object associated with an Image object like this:
     from PIL import Image, ImageDraw

     image = Image.new('RGB', (width, height))
     draw = ImageDraw.Draw(image)
